Fix: CMS guides for FastStore (#2783)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/headless-cms/integration/structuring-content-types-and-sections.mdx

1. Before creating more complex definitions of Content Types and Sections, go to the root of your FastStore project and run `yarn dev` to enable the FastStore CLI watch mode.  Make sure to use a development workspace.

>   > ℹ️ This command will monitor any changes in the project, including the new section you have created, and automatically merge it with the default sections available in [`faststore/core`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/project-structure-overview).

Author: ```suggestion
  > ℹ️ This command will monitor any changes in the project, including the new section you have created, and automatically merge it with the default sections available in [`faststore/core`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-4-understanding-the-project-structure).
```
